Remove deprecated RAI socket options (#16468)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.8.rst

This section describes the changes related to samples and applications.

Serial LTE Modem (SLM)
----------------------

.. toggle::

  * The handling of Release Assistance Indication (RAI) socket options has been updated in the ``#XSOCKETOPT`` command.

>     The individual RAI-related socket options have been consolidated into a single ``SO_RAI`` option.

Reviewer: I think that this was documented already when the change was introduced?

Author: It was introduced in our integration branch here back in 2.6.0 https://github.com/lemrey/sdk-nrf/pull/127/files but by mistake it got lost in the release notes PR here https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/14298

Reviewer: Though the release notes do include this information: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/14298/files#diff-3f912a1116dc4be34d572163214169f5cc1467f65c3734da36b6078cd075d3d7R1123
Whichever way is fine.

    You must modify your application to use the new ``SO_RAI`` option with the corresponding value to specify the RAI behavior.
    The changes are as follows:

    The ``SO_RAI_NO_DATA``, ``SO_RAI_LAST``, ``SO_RAI_ONE_RESP``, ``SO_RAI_ONGOING``, and ``SO_RAI_WAIT_MORE`` options have been replaced by the ``SO_RAI`` option with values from ``1`` to ``5``.

>     Here are the changes you need to make in your application code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Replace the following commands in your application code if they were used previously:
```

>     * If you previously used ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,50,`` replace it with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,1`` to indicate ``RAI_NO_DATA``.
>     * If you previously used ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,51,`` replace it with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,2`` to indicate ``RAI_LAST``.
>     * If you previously used ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,52,`` replace it with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,3`` to indicate ``RAI_ONE_RESP``.
>     * If you previously used ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,53,`` replace it with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,4`` to indicate ``RAI_ONGOING``.
>     * If you previously used ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,54,`` replace it with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,5`` to indicate ``RAI_WAIT_MORE``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,50,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,1`` to indicate ``RAI_NO_DATA``.
    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,51,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,2`` to indicate ``RAI_LAST``.
    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,52,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,3`` to indicate ``RAI_ONE_RESP``.
    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,53,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,4`` to indicate ``RAI_ONGOING``.
    * ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,54,`` with ``AT#XSOCKETOPT=1,61,5`` to indicate ``RAI_WAIT_MORE``.
```
To avoid repeated words.
